# Cyber Risk Analysis Module

### Description:

This program represents a consultative risk assessment tool designed for
 educational purposes within a school cybersecurity context. The results generated by this program are advisory in nature and are intended to support awareness, prevention, and decision-making processes. The system
 does not perform real-time threat detection and does not guarantee the
 prediction of future cyber attacks.

---
### Input:
 ***The input must be done in id increasing (sorted) order in order for the binary search to work.*** <br>
 The program opens with 2 questions. Selecting NO to the question "Paste input? (Y/N): " will skip the "Insert" outputs before every console input and selecting NO to the question "Output with Risk Levels? (Y/N): " will, of course, skip outputting with Risk Levels in the "output.out" file. <br>

 The input must be done using the following structure, seperated by a space/blank character:
 * Zone ID
 * Zone Name
 * Severity
 * Severity Multiplier of the Zone
 * Number of:
    * Low Risk Attacks
    * Medium Risk Attacks
    * High Risk Atttacks

---
### Explanation:
This code uses a binary search to find out if the affected area exists and compares its risk level to the others'. It then outputs the most "dangerous" area and outputs the risk levels of every zone (if selected at the start). Each zone has its own multiplier, meant to be used for areas with restricted access, as they hold more sensitive information and are, as such, more dangerous, boosting their severity.

---
### Example
In this folder you can find an input example: <br>
5 <br>
22 Lab1 112.5 1 2 5 2 <br>
23 Lab2 50 0 1 1 0 <br>
24 Lab3 400.5 1 2 2 0 <br>
25 Secretariat 0 2.5 0 0 0 <br>
26 Admin 0 10 0 0 0 <br>

For the following inputs: <br>
Paste input? (Y/N): n <br>
Output with Risk Levels? (Y/N): n <br>
Insert IncidentId: 2032 <br>
Insert Zone: 24 <br>
Insert Severity: 100 <br>
Insert AttackId: 2032 <br>
Insert Attack Impact (LOW, MED or HIGH): LOW <br>

It will output: <br>
"This affected zone (ID 24) was already the most dangerous. Take immediate action!
Most attacks were of LOW RISK
Risk Level: HIGH" in the console <br>
and <br>
Summary: <br>
22 Lab1 112.5 2 5 2  <br> 
23 Lab2 50 1 1 0 <br>
24 Lab3 500.5 3 2 0 <br>
25 Secretariat 0 0 0 0  <br>
26 Admin 0 0 0 0  <br>
in the output.out file

